W-15860530-mmp-properties-parameter-dm (#2727)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mmp-deploy-to-cloudhub-2.adoc

include::mule-runtime::partial$mmp-concept.adoc[tag=businessGroupIdParameterDescription]
include::mule-runtime::partial$mmp-concept.adoc[tag=deploymentTimeoutParameterDescription]
include::mule-runtime::partial$mmp-concept.adoc[tag=serverParameterDescription]
| `properties` | Top-Level element +
If you need to set properties for the Mule application you are deploying, you can use the `<properties>` top-level element:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<properties>
  <key>value</key>
</properties>
----

For example:
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<properties>
  <http.port>8081</http.port>
</properties>
----

> In case you need to redeploy the application, if there aren't properties configured in the deploy's POM file, the existing properties in your CloudHub 2.0 environment are kept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to redeploy the application and there aren't properties configured in the deployment POM file, the existing properties in your CloudHub 2.0 environment are kept.
```
